Update disks-prem-v2-limitations.md (#111715)
Azure/azure-content: includes/disks-prem-v2-limitations.md

 ms.custom: include file
---
- Premium SSD v2 disks can't be used as an OS disk.

> - Premium SSD v2 disks can't be used on a VM with the [Trusted Launch](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/trusted-launch#unsupported-features) enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Premium SSD v2 disks can't be used on a VM with [Trusted Launch](../articles/virtual-machines/trusted-launch.md#unsupported-features) enabled.
```
